IBX-4651 Cart description, API, cart permissions (#1866)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/permissions/permission_use_cases.md

- `product/create`
- `product/view`
- `product/edit`

## Commerce [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

You can control the extent of functionalities that are available to store users, 
by component.

### Cart 

Set the following permissions to decide what actions are available when users 
interact with carts: 

- `cart/view` - to allow user to view their cart 
- `cart/delete` - to delete cart, for example, after successful checkout
- `cart/create` - to create a new cart, for example, after successful checkout
- `cart/edit` - to allow user to add products to their cart

### Checkout 

Set the following permissions to decide what actions are available when users 
interact with checkout: 

- `cart/view` - to allow user to view checkout, for example, to block guest buyers access to checkout
- `cart/create` - to create a new checkout, for example, after workflow completes
- `cart/update` - to allow user to change product quantity

> - `cart/delete` - to delete checkout, for example, after workflow completes

Reviewer: Checkout requires `checkout/*` permissions too. This should be discussed with @konradoboza

Reviewer 2: Checkout is not deleted, I think this is a typo - it should be `cart/delete` permission referring to cart deleting which is indeed done on the last checkout step.

Author: @konradoboza When is the checkout/delete permission used, when the user backs away from the process and abandons it?

Reviewer 2: Actually, it isn't used at the moment. It will be needed once we start implementing order management - once the order is formed, the checkout needs to be deleted.

- `product/create`
- `product/view`
- `product/edit`

## Commerce [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

For the purpose of your storefront implementation, you can control the extent 

> of functionalities that are available to store users, more or less by granting 

Reviewer 3: why "more or less"?

> For the purpose of your storefront implementation, you can control the extent 
> of functionalities that are available to store users, more or less by granting 
> or preventing them access to individual components.

Reviewer 3: Actually, we could simplify this:
```suggestion
To control which commerce functionalities are available to store users,
you can grant or prevent them access to individual components.
```

> At the very least, you can define the following store user roles: *Visitor* 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A minimum use case if defining the following store user Roles: *Visitor* 
```

and *Registered buyer*.

> You might use the *Visitor* role to prevent anonymous users from being able 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the *Visitor* Role to prevent anonymous users from being able 
```

to purchase products.  
You can do this by granting `product/view`, `product_type/view` and `catalog/view` permissions only.

The *Registered buyer* role would then be used to allow users who have logged in 
to view products, see product prices, add products to a cart and proceed with 
the checkout process. 

> You do this by granting this role the following set of permissions:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You do this by granting this Role the following set of permissions:
```

- `user/register`, `user/login`, to control access to registration and login 
- `product/view`, `product_type/view` and `catalog/view`, to allow viewing a product 
list and product details
- `cart/view`, `cart/create` and `cart/edit`, to allow adding items to a shopping cart and 
modifying cart contents, for example, by removing items
- `checkout/view`, `checkout/create`, `checkout/update` and `checkout/delete`, to allow 
proceeding to checkout and interacting with the checkout process

See below for a detailed listing of permissions that apply to Commerce, together 
with their meaning, 

### Cart 

Set the following permissions to decide what actions are available when users 
interact with carts: 

- `cart/view` - to allow user to view their cart 
- `cart/delete` - to delete cart, for example, after successful checkout

> - `cart/create` - to create a new cart, for example, after successful checkout

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cart/create` - to create a new cart,
```

- `cart/edit` - to allow user to add products to their cart

> To further control the access to a cart, you can use the `CartOwner` limitation 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To further control the access to a cart, you can use the `CartOwner` Limitation 
```
